Operators in typescript (#281)
thombergs/code-examples: nodejs/operators-in-typescript/README.md

# Operators in Typesrcipt

> All the code mentioned in [this article](https://github.com/Irtaza2009/code-examples/tree/operators-in-typescript/nodejs/operators-in-typescript).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the code mentioned in [this article](https://reflectoring.io/typescript-operators).
```
